So we find and find it just great.
We also have CSSA style selectors and see US style selectors allow us to navigate to find elements based
off of CSSA selectors.
If you're not familiar or it's been a while since you worked or C S I have a little cheat sheet here
for some of the selector syntax to select something based off of an ID.
We use the Octa or the hash sign followed by the ID name to select off of the class.
We use the dots.
So if a class is called Bar week it's like Dot bar.
You can also do things like select children using the greater than or select Cendant using a space.
If none of that makes sense to you because you've never used the assessed then just erase it from your
mind for now.
So let's practice a couple of examples instead of find or find all we use super select and then we just
pass in a string with our CSSA selector.
So if I want this div with idea first I just type Octa Thorpe first.
So it's a shorter nicer syntax compared to doing souped up find and then saying What was it.
ID equals first.
This is a bit nicer in my opinion only if you're comfortable with C Ss So if we print D Now we get that
first div that has the idea first.
But notice when we use select it always gives us a list back.
So if we use find we know we get one item back if we use find all we get a list back.
And if we use Select we get a list back.
So in the example of an ID we want the data from it or we want the actual object we have to access 0
0 with element.
And now it's no longer in the list.
And remember this is the representation that's printed out.
It is an object behind the scenes.
So to select a class or classes we have a special.
So we use dot and that will give us a list because raising select Here is our list of two allies that
have the class set to special.
We can also select just based off of a tag name if you wanted to like div that's valid SEUS us here
we get a list with all the divs.
Two of them and if we wanted to select based off of an attribute we use the square brackets and the
attribute I want is data example which I have on both of these.
And if I don't want to check that it's equal to I just want to select if they have data.
Example I can do that.
And here we go a list with two items.
OK.
So that's kind of the basics of selecting.
You can either use find and find all or you can use select just remember select always returns a list.
So here's a little comparison to select based off of an ID.
You can do souped up find ID equals foo Supercuts select hash sign Octa Thorpe foo and then get the
zero with item.
This doesn't return the list it's just one object.
This returns a list with one object then to select base off of a class.
The nicer syntax I think is to do this nice dot bar.
You don't have to worry about you know the keyword conflict with the name class and having to use the
trailing underscore to kind of gross in my opinion.
So I prefer this but both will work and both give me a list because freezing find all must down here.
We have examples where we're actually using an attribute called Data Baz.
I just showed an example of this using FIND ALL vs using select.
So using Select often results in cleaner shorter code.
But in these cases that I've shown you don't have to use select.
There's a perfectly good replacement using Find or find.
If you're not comfortable with VSS.
All right so all we did in this video was see how to load.
We first installed beautiful soup then we imported it and then we instantiated a new instance of beautiful
soup with our Tim L string and then we just were able to grab elements out of it and select but we still
haven't been able to actually read the data out.
So that's what we'll show in the next video.